TimeoutManagerTool: Add a note regarding custom id generation strategies for raven (#4902)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/tools/migrate-to-native-delivery.md

- Make sure that [RabbitMQ compatibility mode](/transports/rabbitmq/delayed-delivery.md#backwards-compatibility) is turned off
- Delete the empty `{EndpointName}_TimeoutData` table
- Delete the migration table named `TimeoutData_migration_{MigrationRunId}`, where `MigrationRunId` is taken from the output of the `TimeoutsMigration_State` query (this will free up the diskspace used by the timeouts)

## Limitations

### RabbitMQ

As documented in the [RabbitMQ transport](/transports/rabbitmq/delayed-delivery.md), the maximum delay value of a timeout is 8 and a half years. If the migration tool encounters any timeouts that have delivery time set beyond that, it will not migrate that endpoint's timeouts.

If the tool presents endpoints that are not part of the system when running the `preview` command, it might be that an endpoint was renamed at some point.
Any timeouts that were stored for that endpoint, might already be late in delivery and should be handled separate from the migration tool since the tool has no way to detect where to migrate them to.

### RavenDB

> The tool expects a `--prefix` parameter. This is used to detect all the timeout documents in the storage. If the system being migrated is using custom ID generation strategies when persisting timeout documents, a prefix may not be applicable.

Reviewer: The prefix is optional right? (Defaults to `TimeoutDatas`)

So perhaps change to "The tool requires the timeouts to have IDs with a know prefix..."

> The tool expects a `--prefix` parameter. This is used to detect all the timeout documents in the storage. If the system being migrated is using custom ID generation strategies when persisting timeout documents, a prefix may not be applicable.

Author: ```suggestion
The tool requires the timeouts documents to be discoverable through a known prefix. The prefix is passed to the tool by using the `--prefix` parameter. When not provided, the default is set to `TimeoutDatas`. If the system being migrated is using custom ID generation strategies when persisting timeout documents, a prefix may not be applicable.
```

Author: how does this ring @andreasohlund
